README.md, before:

# DismissTrader


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Mehnis mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1322328003

- Chinese translation: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2081531370 

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)


Trader dismissal. Get rid of loitering traders that have overstayed their welcome with the click of a button. Send away traders to make them leave.

Traders lagging your game? With this mod you can:
- Dismiss traders
- Send away traders
- Make traders leave
- Get rid of traders eating your food
- Force trader departure

Ludeon: https://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=35832.0

German translation by Quadrum.
Spanish translation by 53N4.
Spanish Latin translation by 53N4.
Russian translation by x626384315253x.
English translation by Mehni.

Want to donate a translation in your language? Please drop me a link!

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2078518511]Last updated 2022-11-27

Commit message:

Last update, added end-of-life message

README.md, after:

# DismissTrader

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Mehnis mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1322328003

- Chinese translation: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2081531370 
- Added Russian translation by Tkhakiro

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/x5cRNO9.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)


Trader dismissal. Get rid of loitering traders that have overstayed their welcome with the click of a button. Send away traders to make them leave.

Traders lagging your game? With this mod you can:
- Dismiss traders
- Send away traders
- Make traders leave
- Get rid of traders eating your food
- Force trader departure

Ludeon: https://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=35832.0

German translation by Quadrum.
Spanish translation by 53N4.
Spanish Latin translation by 53N4.
Russian translation by x626384315253x.
English translation by Mehni.

Want to donate a translation in your language? Please drop me a link!

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2078518511]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/DismissTrader?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&color=9f1111&labelColor=black)
